[CARBONDATA-3243] Updated DOC for No-Sort Compaction and a few Fixes (#3064)
apache/carbondata: docs/configuration-parameters.md

| carbon.options.date.format                 | Specifies the data format of the date columns in the data being loaded |
| carbon.options.timestamp.format            | Specifies the timestamp format of the time stamp columns in the data being loaded |
| carbon.options.sort.scope                 | Specifies how the current data load should be sorted with. **NOTE:** Refer to [Data Loading Configuration](#data-loading-configuration)#carbon.sort.scope for detailed information. |

> | carbon.table.load.sort.scope              | Overrides the SORT_SCOPE provides in CREATE TABLE.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| carbon.table.load.sort.scope              | Override the SORT_SCOPE provided in CREATE TABLE.                         |
```

Author: "provides" changed to "provided". This was a spelling mistake.
"Overrides" is correct. No Change.
